add READMEs to dapr/proto folders for ease of information (#7095)
dapr/dapr: dapr/proto/runtime/v1/README.md

# Public Dapr Runtime APIs

> This folder is intended for User facing APIs. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This folder is intended for user-facing APIs. 
```

> The protos in `dapr.proto` are intended for users to access the Dapr Building Blocks. The `appcallback.proto` is intended for users that need to interact with the Dapr runtime. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `dapr.proto` is used by for the services implemented by the Dapr runtime. Apps calling into the Dapr runtime use these services.
- `appcallback.proto` is for services implemented by apps to receive messages from the Dapr runtime.
```
